 Finished Codepen URL: https://codepen.io/Bashley/pen/gOmoELm?editors=1100

  1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    html that gives meaning to our markup
    
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    attributes go inside of tags to give html special meaning
    
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    the h1 tag is a header tag that appears largest and should only be used once
    
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img and a
    
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    our css reset and links to fonts
    
    7. What is an id? 
    an id is something we can use to manipulate a specifically selected section of html. it can only be used once.
    
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    anything
    
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    an id can only be used once
    
    10. What is a class? 
    a class is similar to an id, but can be used as many times as you need.
    
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    anything
    
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as many times as you want.
    
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    set the target to blank
    
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    it is used to give the image a description for situations like people using screen readers or other people looking at your code.
    
    15. How do I reference an id?
    # the hashtag symbol
    
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section means the content is grouped, div is just a chunk of other elements.
    
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS Is used to style our web page.
    
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{}
    
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    class is a selector that can be used multiple times. Id's can only be used once. A class you might use for a navagation section that will be popping up frequently. An Id you might use for a single paragraph that you want a specific style on.
    
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    just using .class{}
    
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human{}
    
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    a parent child selector is when you select for example an h2 within a div. this would be useful for specificity.
    
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar{}
    
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a pseudo selector is an element being selected through multiple others

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    example: line-height:1.5;
    
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    example: letter-spacing:2;
    
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    example: text-transform:uppercase;
    
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }
    
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *{}
    
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*heres the comment*/  using this /**/
    
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    using rm    you need to be careful with this because you will not be prompted before deleting and you could lose a lot of progress.
    
    34. Why should I use version control? 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Every 20 minutes or so, once you get something working or after fixing a bug.
    
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin <branch name>
    
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    First- fork the repo you want
    second double check your name is before the slash / on github and then move on to cloning.
    clone the branch after cd'ing into the directory of your chosing and use git clone <branch name copied here>
    cd into the newly created repo
    use git checkout -b <new branch name(generally first and last name)> to create a new branch
    you can now code and work on your repo using git add . frequently
    when you are ready to push follow directions below
    git add . once again
    git commit -m "place your message of progress and work completion here"
    git push -u origin <branch name>   (you only have to use git push once you have established which repo it is)
    check on github to make sure your pull request can be made and make it.





Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    an element positioned absolutely becomes positioned relative to the nearest poistioned ancestor instread of positioned relative to the viewport.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
    The box model is essentially the blueprint for making content fit using a set of guidelines. The box model shows you how to specifically use padding,margin and bordering to display your content in the area you wish.